u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 1: Cannot #include ../cave.h before the end of line
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 10: Undefined variable 'You' before  entered the famous 
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 10: parse error before  entered the famous 
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 12: parse error before  ("long",You have en
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 18: Undefined variable 'CRM' before "2",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 21: parse error before the end of file
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 18: Undefined variable 'CRM' before "2",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 19: parse error before the end of file
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 18: parse error before the end of file
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 18: parse error before ("exits",([
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 18: parse error before ("exits",([
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 18: parse error before ("exits",([
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 18: parse error before ("exits",([
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 2: Cannot #include central.h before the end of line
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 10: Undefined variable 'M_MON' before  "grik.c",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 11: Undefined variable 'M_OBJ' before "ammovender.c",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 25: Undefined variable 'M_WEAP' before ;
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 38: Undefined variable 'M_ROOM' before "road0_-3.c",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 2: Cannot #include central.h before the end of line
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 10: Undefined variable 'M_MON' before  "grik.c",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 11: Undefined variable 'M_OBJ' before "ammovender.c",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 25: Undefined variable 'M_WEAP' before ;
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 38: Undefined variable 'M_ROOM' before "road0_-3.c",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 2: Cannot #include central.h before the end of line
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 10: Undefined variable 'M_MON' before  "grik.c",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 11: Undefined variable 'M_OBJ' before "ammovender.c",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 25: Undefined variable 'M_WEAP' before ;
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 38: Undefined variable 'M_ROOM' before "road0_-3.c",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 2: Cannot #include central.h before the end of line
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 10: Undefined variable 'M_MON' before  "grik.c",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 11: Undefined variable 'M_OBJ' before "ammovender.c",
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 25: Undefined variable 'M_WEAP' before ;
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 38: Undefined variable 'M_ROOM' before "road0_-3.c",
u/e/espadon/workroom.c line 33: Undefined variable 'WEST' before the end of line
u/e/espadon/workroom.c line 33: Undefined variable 'WEST' before the end of line
u/e/espadon/workroom.c line 33: parse error before area/room.c
u/e/espadon/workroom.c line 33: parse error before area/room.c
u/e/espadon/workroom.c line 30: Undefined variable 'create_door' before the end of line
u/e/espadon/workroom.c line 31: Undefined variable 'Dir' before  "east"
u/e/espadon/workroom.c line 32: parse error before  dir = "east/west"
u/e/espadon/workroom.c line 33: Illegal LHS before  = "A strong oak doo
u/e/espadon/workroom.c line 34: Illegal LHS before  = "open"
u/e/espadon/workroom.c line 35: Illegal LHS before ( "exits", ([
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 22: Undefined variable 'WORKROOM' before the end of line
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 22: Undefined variable 'WORKROOM' before the end of line
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 23: Undefined variable 'WORKROOM' before ) );
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 23: Undefined variable 'WORKROOM' before ) );
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 23: Undefined variable 'WORKROOM' before ) );
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 22: parse error before area/workroom.c
u/e/espadon/area/room.c line 22: parse error before area/workroom.c,
