u/s/sophia/home/bathroom.c line 34: parse error before " : wrap("Thick gree
u/s/sophia/home/bathroom.c line 50: Illegal character constant before  private life! "),
u/s/sophia/home/bathroom.c line 2: Cannot #include sophia.h before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/bathroom.c line 19: Undefined variable 'HOME' before "bedroom2.c"
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 17: Illegal character constant before tem_desc",([
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 17: parse error before ",([
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 26: End of file in string before ob) && (interactive(
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: Reserved type name unexpected. before (){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before (){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 51: parse error before ){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: Reserved type name unexpected. before (){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before (){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 56: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 60: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 60: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: Reserved type name unexpected. before (){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before (){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: Reserved type name unexpected. before (){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before (){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before /
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 60: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 19: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 19: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: Reserved type name unexpected. before ()
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before ()
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: Reserved type name unexpected. before ()
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before ()
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: Reserved type name unexpected. before ()
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before ()
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before )
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before str)
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 48: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: Reserved type name unexpected. before (string str){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before (string str){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: Reserved type name unexpected. before (string str){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before (string str){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: Reserved type name unexpected. before (string str){
u/s/sophia/home/balcony.c line 50: parse error before (string str){
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 29: parse error before ,
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 40: End of file in string before ainer"
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 29: parse error before ,
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 40: End of file in string before n NO_STREN -1;
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 29: parse error before ,
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 40: End of file in string before mhome();
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 29: parse error before ,
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 40: End of file in string before on a tray or to sit 
u/s/sophia/home/bedroom2.c line 3: Missing leading " or < in #include before the end of line
u/s/sophia/bedroom2.c line 17: Undefined variable 'workroom' before c",
u/s/sophia/bedroom2.c line 17: parse error before c",
u/s/sophia/bedroom2.c line 34: Illegal character constant before \n");
u/s/sophia/home/bedroom2.c line 3: Missing leading " or < in #include before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/bedroom2.c line 3: Missing leading " or < in #include before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 29: parse error before ,
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 40: End of file in string before   "The chair wraps a
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 29: parse error before ,
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 40: End of file in string before   "The chair wraps a
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 29: parse error before ,
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 40: End of file in string before   "The chair wraps a
u/s/sophia/home/bedroom2.c line 3: Missing leading " or < in #include before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 29: parse error before ,
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 40: End of file in string before s filled with a dark
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 30: parse error before ,
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 41: End of file in string before the end of file
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 34: parse error before ,
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 41: End of file in string before /container"
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 33: Undefined variable 'Sophia' before  put them here. Ther
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 33: parse error before  put them here. Ther
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 34: Undefined variable 'A' before  about black holes a
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 34: parse error before  about black holes a
u/s/sophia/home/library.c line 40: End of file in string before utifully illuminated
u/s/sophia/home/bedroom2.c line 3: Missing leading " or < in #include before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/bedroom2.c line 3: Missing leading " or < in #include before the end of line
u/s/sophia/home/bedroom2.c line 18: Undefined variable 'library' before c",
u/s/sophia/home/bedroom2.c line 18: parse error before c",
u/s/sophia/home/bedroom2.c line 61: Illegal character constant before \n");
u/s/sophia/home/bedroom2.c line 79: Illegal character constant before  identify. You feel 
u/s/sophia/home/bedroom2.c line 98: End of file in string before o you.\nAbbreviation
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 6: parse error before , "peanut butter", "
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 16: parse error before  you taste this "+co
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 39: Illegal character constant before e ever had!\n");
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 61: Illegal character constant before  on the MUD!\n");
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 83: End of file in string before r()) ); 
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 16: parse error before  you taste this cook
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 39: Illegal character constant before e ever had!\n");
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 61: Illegal character constant before  on the MUD!\n");
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 83: End of file in string before nd of file */
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 50: Undefined variable 's' before  %s", tmp, str);
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 50: parse error before  %s", tmp, str);
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 61: Illegal character constant before  on the MUD!\n");
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 83: End of file in string before d of file */
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 51: Undefined variable 's' before  %s", tmp, str);
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 51: parse error before  %s", tmp, str);
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 62: Illegal character constant before  on the MUD!\n");
u/s/sophia/stalec.c line 84: End of file in string before PUB		"/std/pub.c"
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 54: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom2.c line 53: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 54: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 54: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 54: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 54: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 54: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 54: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 54: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 54: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 58: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 47: Illegal to redeclare local name 'str' before ;
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 48: Undefined variable 'str2' before !=2){
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 53: parse error before +" here.\n");
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: Illegal LHS before the end of line
u/s/sophia/workroom.c line 57: parse error before the end of line
