d/Dark/Circus/mon/halfling.c line 29: parse error
d/Dark/Circus/mon/halfling.c line 28: parse error
d/Dark/Circus/mon/human.c line 1: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/mon/tres.c line 49: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/shop.c line 28: Undefined variable 'obj'

d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/shop.c line 28: Bad left argument to '/': "string "
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/shop.c line 28: Undefined variable 'misc'

d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/shop.c line 28: Undefined variable 'bag'

d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/shop.c line 28: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/shop.c line 28: End of file in string
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/mon/hunter.c line 23: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/mon/hunter.c line 23: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/mon/hunter.c line 23: parse error
d/Dark/Circus/mon/cyc.c line 1: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/realpub.c line 78: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/realpub.c line 78: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/pubb.c line 78: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/pubb.c line 78: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/pubb.c line 85: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/pubb.c line 93: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/pubb.c line 93: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/pubb.c line 94: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/pubb.c line 94: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/pubb.c line 95: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/Circus/rooms/camp.c line 27: parse error
d/Dark/Circus/rooms/camp.c line 27: End of file in string
d/Dark/Circus/rooms/camp.c line 53: End of file in text block
d/Dark/Circus/rooms/camp.c line 53: parse error
d/Dark/Circus/rooms/wag3.c line 33: parse error
d/Dark/Duegne/Forest/frst10.c line 5: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jrooms/jpath1.c line 40: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jmons/gor_baby.c line 55: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jmons/gor_baby.c line 53: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jmons/gor_baby.c line 53: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jrooms/jpath3.c line 22: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jmons/gor_baby.c line 35: Illegal character constant
d/Dark/Jungle/jmons/gor_baby.c line 35: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jmons/gor_baby.c line 35: End of file in string
d/Dark/adm/d_master.c line 6: parse error
d/Dark/adm/d_master.c line 6: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jrooms/jpath3.c line 41: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jrooms/jpath3.c line 42: End of file in string
d/Dark/Jungle/jrooms/hut1.c line 42: Undefined variable 'fairly'

d/Dark/Jungle/jrooms/hut1.c line 42: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jrooms/hut1.c line 42: Undefined variable 'fairly'

d/Dark/Jungle/jrooms/hut1.c line 42: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jrooms/hut1.c line 42: Undefined variable 'fairly'

d/Dark/Jungle/jrooms/hut1.c line 42: parse error
d/Dark/Jungle/jrooms/hut1.c line 47: parse error
d/Dark/Duegne/Ruin/town2.c line 5: parse error
d/Dark/Duegne/Ruin/house1.c line 27: parse error
d/Dark/Duegne/Ruin/house1.c line 27: End of file in string
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/btower.c line 29: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/closet.c line 17: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/closet.c line 26: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/closet.c line 26: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/house.c line 15: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/house.c line 17: Illegal character constant
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/house.c line 18: Illegal character constant
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/house.c line 19: End of file in string
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/street3.c line 7: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/street3.c line 7: Illegal character constant
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/street3.c line 7: Illegal character constant
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/street3.c line 7: End of file in string
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/weapons/ystick.c line 43: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/weapons/ystick.c line 51: Undefined variable 'damage'

d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/weapons/ystick.c line 51: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/weapons/ystick.c line 51: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/weapons/ystick.c line 52: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/weapons/ystick.c line 52: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/defs.h line 7: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/defs.h line 7: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/defs.h line 7: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/obj.h line 1: parse error
d/Dark/Circus/weapons/fork.c line 57: parse error
d/Dark/Circus/weapons/jwhip.c line 69: parse error
d/Dark/Circus/armor/scale.c line 19: parse error
d/Dark/Circus/weapons/fork.c line 58: parse error
d/Dark/Circus/weapons/fork.c line 58: parse error
d/Dark/Dark/obj/runesword.c line 50: Undefined variable 'CNAME'

d/Dark/Dark/obj/runesword.c line 61: Undefined variable 'CNAME'

d/Dark/Dark/obj/runesword.c line 67: Undefined variable 'CNAME'

d/Dark/Dark/obj/runesword.c line 67: Undefined variable 'POSS'

d/Dark/Dark/obj/goldring.c line 2: Cannot #include /d/Magic/wforest/dark/obj/obj.h
d/Dark/Dark/obj/goldring.c line 9: == always false because of incompatible types ( unknown vs int ).
d/Dark/Dark/obj/goldring.c line 32: Bad argument number 1 to '-': "unknown "
d/Dark/Dark/obj/goldring.c line 33: == always false because of incompatible types ( unknown vs int ).
d/Dark/Dark/obj/goldring.c line 41: Undefined variable 'MAIN'

d/Dark/Dark/obj/goldring.c line 9: == always false because of incompatible types ( unknown vs int ).
d/Dark/Dark/obj/goldring.c line 32: Bad argument number 1 to '-': "unknown "
d/Dark/Dark/obj/goldring.c line 33: == always false because of incompatible types ( unknown vs int ).
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/cave9.c line 35: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/wound.c line 49: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/cave9.c line 35: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/cave9.c line 35: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/cave9.c line 35: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/cave9.c line 35: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/wound.c line 49: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/wound.c line 49: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/wound.c line 49: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/wound.c line 49: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/wound.c line 49: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/tube.c line 3: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/pool.c line 26: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/pool.c line 26: Illegal character constant
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/pool.c line 26: End of file in string
d/Dark/Dark/garden/maze1.c line 28: Undefined variable 'MAZE'

d/Dark/adm/d_master.c line 71: parse error
d/Dark/adm/d_master.c line 71: parse error
d/Dark/Duegne/Ruin/town3.c line 34: End of file in text block
d/Dark/Duegne/Ruin/town3.c line 34: parse error
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/main/ngarden.c line 30: Undefined variable 'MAIN'

d/Dark/Dark/main/LOS05.c line 48: parse error
d/Dark/Dark/main/LOS05.c line 48: parse error
d/Dark/Dark/main/LOS05.c line 48: parse error
d/Dark/Dark/main/underwater.c line 17: parse error
d/Dark/Dark/main/underwater.c line 17: parse error
d/Dark/Dark/main/underwater.c line 17: parse error
d/Dark/Dark/main/underwater.c line 17: parse error
d/Dark/Dark/main/underwater.c line 17: parse error
d/Dark/Dark/obj/goldring.c line 9: == always false because of incompatible types ( unknown vs int ).
d/Dark/Dark/obj/goldring.c line 32: Bad argument number 1 to '-': "unknown "
d/Dark/Dark/obj/goldring.c line 33: == always false because of incompatible types ( unknown vs int ).
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 3: Cannot #include rooms.h
d/Dark/Dark/monsters/balrog.c line 24: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/end.c line 59: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/end.c line 59: End of file in string
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/obj/necklace.c line 4: Missing '(' in macro call
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/obj/necklace.c line 4: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/hermit.c line 47: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/hermit.c line 49: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/hermit.c line 50: Undefined variable 'lev'

d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/hermit.c line 50: Undefined variable 'vic'

d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/hermit.c line 53: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/hermit.c line 61: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/mon/hermit.c line 50: Undefined variable 'lv'

d/Dark/Voltros/mon/vampyre.c line 20: Wrong number of macro arguments
d/Dark/Voltros/mon/vampyre.c line 20: Undefined variable 'OBJ'

