d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/npath5.c line 26: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/npath5.c line 61: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/npath5.c line 61: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/npath5.c line 64: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/Keldros/antfarm/rooms/cross.c line 26: parse error
d/Dark/Voltros/rooms/ntemple1.c line 25: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros2.c line 75: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros2.c line 90: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros2.c line 90: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros2.c line 97: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros2.c line 97: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros2.c line 166: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 74: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 86: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Undefined variable 'list'

d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Undefined variable 'i'

d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Missing type
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 71: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Undefined variable 'list'

d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Undefined variable 'i'

d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Missing type
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 95: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 71: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Undefined variable 'list'

d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Undefined variable 'i'

d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Missing type
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 95: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 71: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Undefined variable 'list'

d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Undefined variable 'i'

d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Missing type
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 95: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 71: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Undefined variable 'list'

d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Undefined variable 'i'

d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Missing type
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 95: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 72: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 123: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 71: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 71: parse error
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 84: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros.c line 94: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/wiz/cyanide/Necromancers/cmds/_necros2.c line 178: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/npath5.c line 26: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/npath5.c line 61: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/npath5.c line 61: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/npath5.c line 64: Illegal LHS
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/npath5.c line 26: parse error
d/Dark/Keldros/rithik/rooms/npath5.c line 26: parse error
